Updates and additions to ISV Portal text fields (#1938)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/submit-app/submission2-specific/openidconnect/submit.md

* **Enter your Post Logout Redirect URI** &mdash; Provide the complete logout URI for your app integration, including the variable names if you're using a per tenant design.

> * **To configure OIDC, can your customers do it by themselves from your app's UI, or do they need to contact your support team?** &mdash; If a customer needs support to configure your app integration, you need to include support contact information in your configuration guide. We recommend that you build a UI that enables self-service configuration to reduce the set up time for your customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **To configure OIDC, can your customers do it by themselves from your app's UI, or do they need to contact your support team?** &mdash; If a customer needs support to configure your app integration, you need to include support contact information in your configuration guide. We recommend that you build a UI that enables self-service configuration to reduce the setup time for your customers.
```

Reviewer: setup as one word for adj and noun, as per our style guidelines

Author: Fixed here and in the other location in the guide where it is used.

> * **Link to configuration guide** &mdash; Your configuration guide (in either HTML or PDF format) should have step by step instructions on how to set up SSO between Okta and your systems. See [Prepare a customer-facing configuration guide](/docs/guides/submit-app/create-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Link to configuration guide** &mdash; Your configuration guide (in either HTML or PDF format) should have step-by-step instructions on how to set up SSO between Okta and your systems. See [Prepare a customer-facing configuration guide](/docs/guides/submit-app/create-guide).
```

Reviewer: just suggestion, I like hyphens in step-by-step

Author: Fixed here and elsewhere in this guide.
